README.md, before:

# Miller
a very basic django app to run "digital exhibition websites"

# Requirements
Miller works with Postgres databases

# Install with Docker
@todo

# Install for development
We followed the doc at https://hackernoon.com/reaching-python-development-nirvana-bb5692adf30c

    pyenv installs 3.8.0
    pyenv local 3.8.0

In order to install pipenv using the correct version of python,
use pip shipped with local python version:

    python -m pip install pipenv

Then install requirements:

    pipenv install

## configure
Copy the `.example.env` file to `.development.env` and fill the fields:

    SECRET_KEY=*****
    DEBUG=True
    MILLER_DATABASE_NAME=your db name
    MILLER_DATABASE_USER=your db user
    MILLER_DATABASE_PASSWORD=your db pass
    MILLER_DATABASE_HOST=localhost

These values replace the default values in miller/settings.py file thanks to the function `get_env_variable`:

    DATABASES = {
        'default': {
            'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2',
            'NAME': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_NAME'),
            'USER': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_USER'),
            'PASSWORD': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_PASSWORD'),
            'HOST': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_HOST', 'localhost'),
            'PORT': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_PORT', '54320'),
        }
    }

As we're going to use docker for development purposes, remember to copy the postgres credentials to the
`docker/.env` file (use the given `docker/.env.example` file as example):

    POSTGRES_USER=your db name
    POSTGRES_DB=your db user
    POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your db pass

From the folder where the Makefile is, run:

    make run-dev

to initialize or restart the postgres database defined in the docker-compose file.
Finally, run migration and check that the system is working properly:

    ENV=development pipenv run ./manage.py migrate

## run!
Using pipenv:

    ENV=development pipenv run ./manage.py runserver

With celery tasks:

    ENV=development pipenv run celery -A miller worker -l info

Commit message:

create snapsots with celery, set things up to import json (#34)
* addd test suite for utils

* Update README.md

* add command

* Update models.py

* add "official" SCHEMA as default

* Update Dockerfile

* add settings for snapshots sizes

* add basic methods for snapshot generation using wand

* add tests

* add wand as requirement

* add basic schemas

* Update models.py

* Update document.py

* start dev with a rebuild

* Update Dockerfile

* add basic methods and unit tests

* Update Dockerfile

* Update test_snapshots.py

* add celery task and create a management command for it

* add create snapshot form attachment

* rename command

* add parser for flatten objects in JSON file (from google spreadsheet)

* eslint

* add flake8

* Create requirements.txt

* add json to docker container (default schema)

* move default schema to miller app

* Move schema folder inside miller app

* eslint

* import from correct module

* default setting for MILLER_SCHEMA_ROOT

* enrich tests

* move schema

* better logging og JSON errors

* get_docs_from_json test doc data and doc properties

* fix join list

* add dpath library

* refine generators

* Update settings.py

* refactor search vector

* eslint and refactor update_search_vector function

* eslint story, install pyaml

* add warning if dot en file is not found if in test; prepare test environment

* add update_search_vector action for documents

* using immediate true to test without using celery

* fix raw query por python3

* fix initial migration for blank dbs

* add date created field for document

* Update document.py

* Update story.py

* replace tuples by list

* add task to update search vector

* Update test_utils_models.py

* fix get_search_vector function

* remove post save receiver

* Update tasks.py

README.md, after:

# Miller
a very basic django app to run "digital exhibition websites"

# Requirements
Miller works with Postgres databases

# Install with Docker
@todo

# Install for development
We followed the doc at https://hackernoon.com/reaching-python-development-nirvana-bb5692adf30c

    pyenv installs 3.8.0
    pyenv local 3.8.0

In order to install pipenv using the correct version of python,
use pip shipped with local python version:

    python -m pip install pipenv

Then install requirements:

    pipenv install

## configure
Copy the `.example.env` file to `.development.env` and fill the fields:

    SECRET_KEY=*****
    DEBUG=True
    MILLER_DATABASE_NAME=your db name
    MILLER_DATABASE_USER=your db user
    MILLER_DATABASE_PASSWORD=your db pass
    MILLER_DATABASE_HOST=localhost

These values replace the default values in miller/settings.py file thanks to the function `get_env_variable`:

    DATABASES = {
        'default': {
            'ENGINE': 'django.db.backends.postgresql_psycopg2',
            'NAME': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_NAME'),
            'USER': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_USER'),
            'PASSWORD': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_PASSWORD'),
            'HOST': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_HOST', 'localhost'),
            'PORT': get_env_variable('MILLER_DATABASE_PORT', '54320'),
        }
    }

As we're going to use docker for development purposes, remember to copy the postgres credentials to the
`docker/.env` file (use the given `docker/.env.example` file as example):

    POSTGRES_USER=your db name
    POSTGRES_DB=your db user
    POSTGRES_PASSWORD=your db pass

Docker compose file used for development is `docker/docker-compose.dev.yml` and as you see expose postgres to the port 54320 and redis to port 63790.
This comes in handy if we want to use those services with external software (eg pgadmin). This allows also to use management commands outside of docker.
For instance, we might run django migration command to check that the system is working properly:

    ENV=development pipenv run ./manage.py migrate

## run!
Using docker for devlopment, from the folder where the Makefile is, run:

    ENV=development make run-dev

Using pipenv:

    ENV=development pipenv run ./manage.py runserver

With celery tasks:

    ENV=development pipenv run celery -A miller worker -l info

## test
Use test runner without DB:

    ENV=development pipenv run ./manage.py test --testrunner=miller.test.NoDbTestRunner
